SQL Joins Intro Changes (#2629)
enkidevs/curriculum: sql/dql/intro-joins/the-need-for-joins.md

| squirtle     | 38             | water        | ground, rock, fire  | grass, electric     |
| magikarp     | 30             | water        | ground, rock, fire  | grass, electric     |

**Option 2**

| pokemon_name | pokemon_health | pokemon_type |
|--------------|----------------|--------------|
| charmeleon   | 35             | fire         |
| bulbasaur    | 36             | grass        |
| squirtle     | 38             | water        |
| magikarp     | 30             | water        |

| type  | type_strengths      | type_weakness       |
|-------|---------------------|---------------------|
| fire  | steel, grass, ice   | ground, rock, water |
| grass | ground, rock, water | poison, fire, ice   |
| water | ground, rock, fire  | grass, electric     |

???

- Option 2 
- Option 1

---

## Footnotes
[1:Scalability]
Database scalability is the ability to scale out or scale up a database to allow it to hold increasing amounts of data without sacrificing performance. This is an important concept, particularly when you have an active stream of data being continuously stored in your database, such as data from apps.

[2:Repetition]

> The minimisation of repetition is an aspect of **database normalisation**. In order for a database to be normalised, there are a number of rules which they have to adhere to. We will cover these rules in the [**Defining Data**](https://app.enkipro.com/course/ddl) topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimisation of repetition is an aspect of **database normalisation**. In order for a database to be normalised, there are a number of rules which they have to adhere to. We will cover these rules in the [**Defining Data**](https://app.enki.com/course/ddl) course.
```
